Unexpected.
This time the Great Five Emperors took such a favorable picture.
It's been hard.
Director Chen, I can be the hostess this time and thank you even more.
For what?
It's all because of you.
I'm just a boatman.
In addition, the Royal Court Group wants to conduct a press conference to publicize this film.
Then come with me.
Director Chen, you go ahead.
We'll all come.
Qin Xiao, do you think the figures of this movie are good?
This is my first time acting.
Don't worry, the data of the Five Great Kings will definitely be shocked to track you down this time.
Anyway, this is my personal experience.
Let's go.
I'll call everyone.
You're worried about them.
What's wrong?
I seem to have forgotten to get my phone.
Otherwise you go first.
I'll come find you later.
Or I'll take a look with you.
Oh, no more.
The salary is fine.
Go.